feat: allow reusability of status indicators (#319)
django-cms/djangocms-versioning: docs/versioning_integration.rst

Given the code sample above, "This is how we add" would be displayed as
"this is how we add extra field text!" in the changelist of PostAdmin.

Adding status indicators to a versioned content model
-----------------------------------------------------

> djangocms-versioning provides status indicators for django CMS' page content models as you know them from the page tree:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
djangocms-versioning provides status indicators for django CMS' content models, you may know them from the page tree in django-cms:
```

.. image:: static/Status-indicators.png
    :width: 50%

You can use these on your content model's changelist view admin by adding the following fixin to the model's Admin class:

.. code-block:: python

    import json
    from djangocms_versioning.admin import StateIndicatorAdminMixin

    class MyContentModelAdmin(StateIndicatorAdminMixin, admin.Admin):
        # Adds "indicator" to the list_items
         list_items = [..., "state_indicator", ...]

.. note::

    For grouper models the mixin expects that the admin instances has properties defined for each extra grouping field, e.g., ``self.language`` if language is an extra grouping field.

>     This is typically set in the ``get_changelist_instance`` method, e.g., by getting the language from the request. The page tree keeps its extra grouping field (language) as a get parameter.

Reviewer: Should this still refer to page tree or Content Model?

Author: Yes, it is actually an example on how to keep track of additional grouping fields.

    .. code-block:: python

>         def get_changelist_instance(self, request):

Reviewer: This needs to be broken out to make it readable, it's difficult to read blocks of code compressed like this.
